MPF Asset Sound Manager
=======================

Asset Manager automates the population of media assets into the mode folders of
a Mission Pinball game. It will copy new files, reorganized moved files, cleanup
unused files, and warn of missing and duplicated files.

Mass Effect 2 Pinball requires a data dump folder containing source audio files
extracted from Mass Effect 2. This folder can be generated by running this very
Sound Manager program in "extract" mode on an existing ME2 Pinball folder, or by
using a tool called Mass Effect 2 Extractor on the PC edition of the game.

Note: The full asset extraction requires a copy of Mass Effect 2 (PC only) and
            is ~1.7GB. This is recommended on your main development computer.
            The Sound Manager extraction is ~100MB and is designed for copying to
            low-storage pinball controllers (e.g. Raspberry, BeagleBone)

For other projects, your mileage may vary. Contact mpf@anthonyvanwinkle.com with
any questions or feedback.

Instructions:
-------------

1. MPF Asset Manager is run with the following command:
    ```mpfam```

2. If you have not run Asset Manager before you will be prompted to enter
    the location of your source media folder. Asset Manager remembers the
    path, so it's recommended to choose a permanent location.

2. If you have not run Asset Manager before, you will also be prompted to
    enter the location of your MPF project (where you run mpf from).

That's it!


Interactive Mode:
-----------------

You can run Asset Manager interactively with the basic command:
    ```mpfam```

Interactive mode contains the following features:

    1. Update Assets
            - The default function of Sound Manager. Will copy and move media files,
                remove unused files, and report any missing/duplicate assets.

    2. Analyze machine and audio
            - Read-only behavior. Performs the same analysis as the update routine,
                but does not write or delete any files.

    3. Set media source folder
            - Set or change the folder containing the Mass Effect 2 extracted audio
                files.

    4. Refresh configs and files
            - Reloads the MPF modes and configurations. Useful if Sound Manager is
                kept running while config changes are saved.

    5. Clear cached media source tree
            - Refreshes the source media files. For performance reasons, the source
                asset folder tree is cached. If any source assets are moved, renamed,
                or added, a refresh may be necessary.

                Note: On startup, Sound Manager will log whether it's referencing cached
                asset files or building a new cache.
